Add section on Proposal Review calls (#16)
radicle-dev/radicle-governance: manual.md

| Monthly Schedule | Stage | Weekly Schedule | Action |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Week 1 | Discussion | First Monday  | Post proposal to forum for Discussion |
| Week 2 | Discussion | Second Wednesday | Join monthly Proposal Review call to present and discuss proposal with community |
| Week 3 | Formal Review | Third Monday |  Open proposal for Formal Review |
| Week 4 | Submission | Fourth Monday | Submit proposal on-chain |

**Proposals can be posted to the forum for Discussion at anytime throughout the monthly cycle, but requires at least 7 days on the forum to be considered for that month’s voting cycle**

### Proposal Reviews

> Proposal Reviews are calls that take place on the second Wednesday of each month. These calls are a time for proposal authors to discuss and answer questions around their proposals that will be going through governance that cycle. The calls will be recorded and will act as an addition resource for token holders to reference when voting on proposals. _Proposal authors are expected to make an effot to attend these calls and should come prepared to lead a discussion around their proposal._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proposal Reviews take place on the second Wednesday of each month. These calls are a time for proposal authors to discuss and answer questions around their active proposals that will be voted on this cycle. The calls will be recorded and archived for governance participant's reference. _Proposal authors are expected to make an effort to attend these calls and should come prepared to answer questions and discuss their proposal with attendees._
```
